c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\obj\Debug\Views\Assumptions.g.cs
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\obj\Debug\Views\RefTitle.g.cs
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\obj\Debug\TestNotes_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\obj\Debug\TestNotes_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\bin\Debug\TestNotes.exe.config
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\bin\Debug\TestNotes.exe
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\bin\Debug\TestNotes.pdb
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\obj\Debug\Views\Assumptions.baml
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\obj\Debug\Views\RefTitle.baml
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\obj\Debug\TestNotes.g.resources
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\obj\Debug\TestNotes.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\obj\Debug\TestNotes.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\obj\Debug\TestNotes.exe
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\obj\Debug\TestNotes.pdb
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\obj\Debug\Views\TestNote.g.cs
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\obj\Debug\Views\TestNote.baml
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\obj\Debug\Views\RegressionScenarios.baml
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\obj\Debug\Views\Bugs.baml
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\obj\Debug\Views\QuestionAnswers.baml
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\obj\Debug\Views\Observations.baml
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\obj\Debug\Views\RegressionScenarios.g.cs
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\obj\Debug\Views\Bugs.g.cs
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\obj\Debug\Views\QuestionAnswers.g.cs
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\obj\Debug\Views\Observations.g.cs
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\obj\Debug\TestNotes.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\obj\Debug\Views\Controls.g.cs
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\obj\Debug\Views\Controls.baml
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\bin\Debug\TestNotes.exe.manifest
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\bin\Debug\TestNotes.application
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\obj\Debug\TestNotes.exe.manifest
c:\users\mark.stevenson\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test-42\TestNotes\TestNotes\obj\Debug\TestNotes.application
